Custom View: Fixed broken 3rd party addons (#1439)
TTT-2/TTT2: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - Fixed the new view changes affecting some weapons by moving it to the GM:CalcView hook and adding a new break condition (by @TimGoll)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the new view changes preventing weapons from modifying the playerview (by @TimGoll)
- Fixed the new view changes affecting non-player entities (by @TimGoll)
```

is `playerview` an accurate description?
My main point is that these are 2 related but different fixes
Feel free to change my wording

Author: yeah, that's fine!
